Update checkout-payment-failed-emails.md (#656)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/checkout-payment-failed-emails.md

group: marketing
---

> 

Reviewer: I need some clarification for "an admin" -- Is it a Magento Admin user, and is the email configured somewhere?

> A notification is sent to an admin if the payment method that is chosen during checkout fails to complete the transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A notification is sent to the store contact or another designated Admin user if the payment method that is chosen during checkout fails to complete the transaction.
```
